[Characters, behaviors, places,
organizations, and events shown in the series
are entirely fictional,
are solely for entertainment purposes,
with no intention to instruct
or promote any kind of behavior;
viewer discretion is advised]
No matter how many times I listen to this song,
it still sounds like your voice.
Why doesn't it ring a bell?
I couldn't find his contact info.
I want to invite him to my show.
Can you two give me a hand first?
When fate smiles on you, luck favors you!
What's that?
It's the number of the person
who sent in the demo.
He owns a TV show.
Really?!
Your heart awaits right next to you,
the dedicated soulmate who stays true.
[Pikachu in his Prime]
"Your heart awaits right next to you,
the dedicated soulmate who stays true."
What a dramatic prediction.
No clue, but...
He brought it up twice.
And you believe him?
I don't know!
Does anyone come to mind
who matches this prediction?
Did you find anyone who could be
that "dedicated soulmate"?
What are you on about, Bushy?
Did you find that one?
No!
Are you sure?
I am!
What do you even mean?
I'm not so sure about that.
I should give him a call, too.
That way we can wrap up and go home,
you know?
Why did Pai call a doctor to our set?
Yeah.
- Is he sick or something?
- Right?
Can I help you?
I'm here to see...
Pai.
Do you happen to know him?
Pai?
Yes.
So, are you really not taken?
Absolutely not.
I work day and night.
When would I even have time to date?
I also work day and night,
but I still want someone who cares for me.
Pai.
You have a guest.
Jeez!
What the hell is this about?
Hello.
Who are they?
Looking for a hospital?
Are you the ones Tom sent over?
- We are.
And you've finished your shift today, Doc?
Why are you still in your gown?
Oh, she was in a hurry,
so she came straight here.
She just loves her job so much.
Like I told Tom,
I don't personally know
the demo's owner.
I mean...
Someone I know passed it on to me.
But...
"But..."
Miss Clare has agreed to help?
But she said you had to work for it.
I'll find a way to help you then,
but I have a lot on my plate right now.
Can you two give me a hand first?
Here we go again, another "but."
Huh?
Oh... Nothing!
This person I know
is kinda hard to contact,
but if you wanna see them,
I've got one condition.
One condition?
Again?
What does my bar even mean to you?
All you do is sigh every time you're here.
Ugh...
If I had a choice,
I wouldn't choose a hard life, either.
Right...
The show 'A Night with the Ghost'
that invited you
is pretty famous.
For real?
But we have to
spend the night with ghosts...
I don't want to. I'm scared.
Aren't you a ghost yourself?
Why are you afraid of your own kind?
Auntie Itt!
That's rude!
It's Izzy!
I've told you so many times.
Jane...
Pai you mentioned...
Is this him?
Scandalous!
A famous host is having a fling
with a young actress.
Is that him?
Yeah, that's him!
There's a scandal going around
that he's a player
who flirts with young actresses
invited to his show.
Did he commit harassment?
Be careful.
But...
I don't think he'll be that bad.
I'm probably overthinking it.
- Mm!
- Oh!
Jane's such a goof,
so she's probably not his type.
You're right.
Judging by our niece's appearance
and figure, I don't think she's his type.
- Facts.
- Yeah.
This bombshell is his type.
What are you laughing at?
- 'A Night with the Ghost.'
- Curvy body and all.
- What a waste of time.
- Mm.
- Come on, we have a long night ahead.
- Let's go.
Cheers.
['A Night with the Ghosts']
Hello, viewers.
This is Pai, and you're watching
'A Night with the Ghosts.'
This week, we're at a restaurant
with a dark history,
where a husband came to sing
with his mistress...
And his wife shot him dead.
He was dead at the scene.
Look.
The mic's still lying
where he was holding it!
They said that
on some nights,
his favorite song
would randomly play.
And today,
we have Boy, who will prove
just how haunted this place is.
He's gonna spend one full night here.
Good luck.
I hope you don't die
or move out.
Why did we choose to struggle this much?
You're right.
Just let me help you bake the shio pan!
You have a point.
Good thing you came to your senses.
Now you can both stop wasting
so much energy on this nonsense.
Come on.
Sis.
Let's enjoy the night.
First, it's about survival.
She is very special.
She is not like the other ladies-in-waiting.
Is their meeting
a plan or fate?
Even after watching cartoons
for an hour straight,
those images from that ghost show
are still stuck in my head.
You're right.
I got goosebumps.
Honestly, Jane,
let's just put that
Small-World Phenomenon...
behind us.
What?
But...
I promise that
every time I help you bake shio pan,
I'll work really, really hard
and won't give you a headache anymore.
You're all pouting now.
Okay.
Let's give it a try.
Ma'am, would you like some shio pan?
What?!
It's gonna be fine.
We can do it!
Would you like some shio pan?
60 baht each.
Care for some shio pan?
- Shio pan?
- It's not pricey.
Care for some shio pan?
Why is no one buying it?
They will.
I've been standing for an hour straight.
Let me help.
My babies are all flat now.
Care for some shio pan?
I'll have one shio pan.
Of course!
Okay, sure!
Come on.
Here.
- Here you go.
- 60 baht.
We got a customer!
- I got it.
- What?
I know what we should do next.
What?
Watch
and learn.
Shio pan, shio pan.
Would you like some?
Act cutesy.
Shio pan, shio pan.
Would you like some?
- Is this really gonna work?
- Would you like some...
- They don't seem interested.
- Are we scaring them off?
- Shio pan, shio pan.
Would you like some?
- Would you like some?
How much is it?
It's 60 a piece.
- She came back for us.
- It's buy 2 get 1 free.
Then, I'll have...
- Right...
- It's 60 a piece.
Here you go.
We've got a red note!
Yay!
I'm so happy!
Would you like some shio pan?
We're almost sold out.
We've already made a lot of sales today.
If there are any left,
I'm eating every last one.
You can't!
They are for sale!
Would you like some shio pan?
- Shio pan...
- Would you like some...
- Sorry...
We're sorry...
Sorry...
That was satisfying.
I had so much fun.
Me too!
The total was around 2,000 baht,
and that doesn't include
the mobile banking payments
That's a lot of money.
Maybe today we only had 20-baht notes,
but someday I'll make them
all 1,000-baht ones.
I know you will.
Trust me.
Thanks.
'Jane Bakery.'
The name to remember!
Our premium shio pan
is buy 2, get 1 free.
Buy 6,
get 3 free!
Hey, look!
This video got over a thousand views!
Why did so many people watch it?
It only had 10-20 views before.
Let me look at the comments...
"You look so dope in those costumes!"
"Your voice is beautiful."
"The Shio Pan song is totally adorable!"
Are they exaggerating?
Everybody meant it!
Maybe it's because
someone shared the video.
Hey...
You've really made a name for yourself.
Come on,
it's just a thousand views.
But it's much better
than 10-20 views, isn't it?
You have a point...
Just imagine...
With just one video,
our shio pan sales went up this much.
If we keep this up,
won't we become millionaires?!
Easy, Jane.
We've just started.
Or should we think about
going on Pai's show again?
Why do you have to bring this up again?
What?
His show is pretty big.
If you just bite the bullet
and go on his show,
you'll blow up even more.
I don't want to, Jane.
It's scary.
I don't wanna go on that show.
Besides,
once the MV we filmed
for Miss Clare comes out,
we'll totally blow up.
Actually, it's been out for a while.
What?
But it
totally flopped.
Look.
It couldn't even reach 10,000 views,
and people in the comments were saying...
the song sucked.
Why did it turn out like that?
I have no clue.
By the way...
Why didn't you tell me
the MV was already out?
What? It's just...
It's...
nothing...
What's on your mind?
Nothing. Just...
That's cringe.
You don't wanna see it.
Cringe?
What's so cringe about it?
That's sus.
No,
it's nothing!
What's cringe about it?
Then...
Can you show it to me?
Please?
Please, please, please.
Please, please, Jane!
No.
Pwease?
I wanna watch it...
Fine.
Where?
Let me watch it.
Well,
we'll check it out later!
Let's check it out right now.
We'll watch it on the laptop later.
It has a bigger screen.
Fine.
I'll check you out for now.
Why would you?!
Whoa...
"Whoa"?
Look at this scene.
Why?
You seem like such a naughty girl.
Huh?
Well,
when you kissed me.
It wasn't a kiss.
It was a peck!
Whatever.
A peck is fine.
It's different.
When you gave me a peck,
you were so expressive.
What do you mean?
When you went in for that peck,
you didn't even blush.
But look at you now.
I'm not blushing.
You talk too much!
Why did you hide your face
in the blanket?
What?!
Well...
I was cold.
Oh...
Cold?
Really?
I was!
Well,
I was in work mode at the studio,
unlike now when I'm just watching it.
Don't you feel that way?
That means...
you're blushing right now.
Are you?
You sure talk a lot.
What are you even saying? I'm not!
Hey!
- I'm not blushing!
- Give me that.
No!
Give me that!
Someone's at the door.
What?!
Duang-Jai.
How did you get in?
I saw the door wasn't locked,
so I just walked in.
Z!
I'm coming!
Duang-Jai!
Long time no see!
I miss you!
I miss you too, bud.
So...
what are you doing here this late?
Right, I almost forgot.
Here.
Miss and Z, take a look at this.
Look at Z's score right now.
It suddenly skyrocketed.
Just a little more and you'll reach Y rank.
But...
why is this the case?
I know, right?
I was wondering the same.
That's why I sneaked here today.
I know.
It must be because of Jane's shio pan.
Seriously?
You guys keep talking.
I'll make a phone call and be right back.
Duang-Jai, I'm so happy!
I can't believe my eyes.
I think...
we should start baking now.
Today we have 48 shio pans
that need to be delivered before 2 P.M.
Let's dive in!
Okay!
Okay.
Now,
tell me
the ingredients for 48 shio pans.
2 kilograms of bread flour,
200 grams of sugar,
32 grams of salt,
32 grams of yeast,
680 cc of milk,
80 grams of whipped cream,
and 160 grams of butter.
Yay!
Wait!
This is pure flaky sea salt.
It's essential!
You're even better than me now, huh?
Come on,
let's start baking.
Start!
Let me do it for you.
This is how you put the box together.
- There!
- Hey!
Hey!
All 48 pieces
are done.
- Yay!
This is unbelievable, Jane!
True,
but what's more unbelievable
is you didn't make a single mistake!
How was that possible?
Filming's confirmed for tomorrow.
Z...
The show...
contacted me with a confirmation.
What show?
And what confirmation?
Well...
'A night with the Ghosts'
confirmed the filming date.
But we canceled them, didn't we?
We did...
but I contacted them again.
Why would you do that?
What? Well...
Think about it.
More people watched our videos,
we made a lot more sales,
and you almost ranked up.
If you get more famous,
you could reach the top ranks!
That way, you won't have to deal
with spirits anymore.
You really shouldn't have done that.
What?
We'll use 4 cameras
and set them up like CCTVs.
Don't let them know we're filming.
Sure.
Oh, it's you.
Just in time.
Let's go see Pai.
- Okay.
Whoa,
your costume is awesome.
Come on, this way.
Whoa!
Your outfit really fits the theme today.
Look.
Come on.
Hurry up!
Hello, beloved viewers.
This is Pai, and you're watching
'A Night with the Ghosts.'
This week, since we're talking
about horror,
this might be
the creepiest one yet
because...
Here are our guests for today.
Please come in.
Hello, Jane and Z.
Hello.
By the way...
Do you have to look like a ghost
to spend the night with one?
She just wanted to show
some respect for the show.
Since this is a ghost show,
she dressed up like a ghost.
Right, okay.
Do you guys know
your mission for today?
Our mission?
Your mission is...
You have to sleep in a room with...
a dark history.
What dark history?
This dorm was built about 50 years ago.
It was a typical dorm.
People moved in and lived here.
But the landlady said...
there was one room
nobody stayed in
for more than 2 months.
They either died or moved out.
The haunting of this room
was said to be caused by
the death of a worker
who was cemented into the wall.
Not long ago,
a technician went in to fix the wall.
They knocked it down
and found a skeleton.
Even after a ritual to free the spirit,
the haunting never stopped.
And we have to spend the night
in that room?
We were better off staying out of it.
That's on you, Jane.
Let's just leave.
Hold on, you two.
I wish you nothing but a peaceful night.
Sweet dreams,
and I hope you make it until the morning.
Ma'am,
have we met before?
I wouldn't know.
I've worked here for a very long time.
You might have caught a glimpse of me.
You both will stay here
until 6 in the morning.
If you ask to leave before then,
you'll forfeit the prize money.
Good luck.
I hope you don't die or move out.
Jeez, I'm sure it's nothing!
Are you being a goof right now?
Come on.
It's only one night.
Let's go.
Are you okay over there?
Pretty good...
Still safe and sound?
Are you scared?
I'm not.
How is she not?
How are you doing over there?
It's all good over here.
What's the matter?
Are you getting sleepy?
No, I'm not sleepy.
Like I promised,
I'm gonna be up all night.
What was that...
That was a setup by the staff.
It's just a prank!
It's not real, so don't be scared!
Are you sure?
I am!
What about those?
Those are all fake.
Then, what about those?
Those are also fake.
What about that?
That...
is real!
(Incanting)
All souls suffer and go through
birth, aging, pain, and death!
Jane.
Jane!
Jane...
Didn't you say you were going to
stay up all night?
Hey, don't come any closer!
Stupid ghost!
- Don't come any closer!
- Jane!
Easy.
It's morning already.
Look, it's morning already.
Okay, there's the sun...
Whoa, did we survive?!
We sure did.
Hey!
You survived because of me, you know?
You dozed off before midnight.
But at least we survived!
Whoa!
[30,000 Baht for Completing
'A Night with the Ghosts']
Congratulations!
Here's your 30,000 baht!
I thought you were gonna quit
the moment the lights went out.
If I hadn't fallen asleep,
I wouldn't have made it out, either.
That's lucky for you.
But...
before you go home,
I heard you were soaked in sweat, right?
My staff prepared
some shower supplies for you.
Take a shower before you leave, alright?
There's a scandal going around
that he's a player
who flirts with young actresses
invited to his show.
By the end of next week,
the company will transfer the funds
to the account provided by Miss Jane.
Alright.
- Thank you.
Uh, ma'am?
Do you know where Jane is?
Oh, she's taking a shower.
- The bathroom is right over there.
- I see...
Hey!
What are you doing?!
Whoa, whoa, hold up!
Wait! Listen!
- How could you do this?!
- I didn't!
I didn't do anything!
I haven't even done anything!
Calm down! Listen to me!
Look...
Let me see. What happened there?
Does it hurt?
- It does.
- That left a wound.
Hey!
The victim is sitting right here!
He acted like
he was gonna take your photos...
Wow... You old fart!
- How could you do that?
- Jane, hold up...
Calm down, Jane. Let's talk.
He wasn't trying to take your photos.
He was taking mine.
Why did you do that?
You wanna know
who the owner of that demo is?
Look.
Oh...
Tony!
I'll make sure to use this theory to find it!
♫You secretly got my head in the clouds♫
It's Tony!
Tony who?
It's the one who sent this demo to me.
I told him you guys wanted to meet him,
so he said he wanted photos of you first
to see who you are.
That's game over.
I don't think this will work.
He doesn't want to see you.
What?
Could you please help us, sir?
This is very important to us.
Please, sir. I'm so sorry about that...
Oh, now you call me "sir"
after beating me up?
You, too.
You called me an old fart.
Don't think I'd forget it.
I'm sorry, sir...
I can't beg Tony to meet you,
but I'll tell you where his bar is.
Find it yourself.
Alright.
Are you hurt?
- Hey, no. Get out.
- I...
Get out.
I didn't do anything.
I don't see anyone here, Jane.
That's fine.
We're here undercover.
- Let's go?
- Are you kids undercover?
Tell me what you need my help with.
Don't tell me...
♫Moka, moka♫
♫Moka...♫
This song...
Are you the writer of
the Moka dog food commercial song?
Knowing about my past
probably won't do me any good.
I can't tell you anything else.
This is already putting us at a lot of risk!
Just trust me for once.
Z, my dear child!
Have you ever been in a relationship?
We're undercover here.
Dumb angel!
No one told you to conjure me a lover.
I want you to be my lover!